Docs: fix gotk create helmrelease examples (#200)
fluxcd/toolkit: docs/guides/sealed-secrets.md

--interval=1h \
--release-name=sealed-secrets \
--target-namespace=gitops-system \
--source=HelmRepository/stable \
--chart=sealed-secrets \

> --chart-version="1.10.3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--chart-version="1.10.x"
```

(same as the above)

```

> With chart version `1.10.3` we configure helm-controller to automatically upgrade the release
> when a new chart version is fetch by source-controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With chart version `1.10.x` we configure helm-controller to automatically upgrade the release
when a new chart patch version is fetch by source-controller.
```
